As the plane was accelerating on the runway I didn't feel as relieved as I hoped to be. The chatter of all those other people going on holiday or to meet friends or have a fancy business lunches idontcarewhere, just built a thicker and thicker wall around me. As we shoot out, it wasn't the reason why I took deeper breaths. These people, they all are headed to somewhere, while I was just leaving. Nothing to put in my calendar, I didn't even think whether I want beef or chicken for lunch. Everything was ending at that very moment. Back then when I arrived my calendar was also empty - but full of opportunities. Now I don't dare to look ahead.

== Arrival ==

Back when I landed the first time in Taiwan, it was a black box. No amount of books can prepare you for such a very different culture. And no amount of friendly advice can prepare you for what to avoid.

I had a backpack then, with just a few clothes. Yeah, knew how to travel light. Came for the adventure, I thought. Should be fun, studying some Chinese, they love the White Man over here, plenty of explore, I thought. Won't know if you don't try.

Saw the evening lights from the plane's window, the highways, the buildings, flying so low everything is already crowded. Getting a taxi was already nicer than at home, here they just line up one after the other, begging for people to take them. YMCA, that's the same in every language.

The clerks at the YMCA seem to be nice enough. They even have a quite agreeable accent, unlike the cab driver. At least he quickly gave up when he realized he's not getting through. Dropped off my bag in the room, I'm the only one. 

City center, and I don't know a word yet. Came out to grab a bite - some food and some taste of the place for the next few months at least. Even it's late, the streets are busy, aready a good sign. The next thing I notice - there's no chance not to - are the smells. They change every step, one good one, another make me want to turn inside out. Can I get used to it? It's a miracle what a person can tolerate after a while, but I'm not sure I want to.

Looking around for a whole, McDonald's is there to the resque. They seem to like the good ol' McD as much as any other country, and a Big Mac is the same everywhere. Not sure how it would work for me in India, but here it tastes just the same. The place is packed, it's nearing to midnight and people are still sitting around, listeining to music, high school couples kissing in the corner, friends laughing loud at some other end. I can only tell it is late by looking at the clerks face, it must be Way After My Shift time.