CHAPTER 1

"I'm not saying, it cannot be done, it's just not necesarily have to be done. Or at least not the way you propose it.
"Do you have any better idea? I don't"
They keep staring at the whiteboard full of sybols, colors, and diagrams, half of which they have already forgot what it meant. The other half, probably they have never known, just nodded in acknowledgement when the other was scribbling it there. That'w the way things are done in this lab, they both thought, but they wouldn't say it out loud. Fortunately the professor wasn't there. On second thought, it would be better if he was, since then everything would be resolved and it wouldn't be the fault of either of them. Lab meetings without professor are not the most proructive times.
"I think we need to check more papers. My intuition tells me, that it wouldn't work in practice. You have no idea how to assemble this design. I don't heve either, but got to think for a while". Well, at least half of what he said was true: Simon had no idea either. But not because he was seriously thinking of checking any more papers, pouring over books in the library or any such nonsense. It was because he genuinly had no idea. He's even surprised in the last two and half years they didn't discover that he didn't really have a physics degree. He didn't even have a science degree. He had a half-finished literature Bachlor's from.... from.... one of the universities he was crashing. It was half finished because there they realized earlier that he didn't finish high school. And now he's a PhD student in Prof. Langauer's lab, a proper forntier of science. For him this meant mostly fun blinking lights, lasers, and as many computers he could ever want to use. Though he had to wait to play games on them until the others went home. Which was way too late for his liking - that's the only complaint he had, that the others were just too hard working.
"Whatever, I will finish up the simulations and when Prof. gets back we can discuss." Jordan just wanted to finish this useless discussion. He had a nagging feeling that checking something with Simon never went anywhere. Just couldn't quite place it. He always had some comments that made him think he had an error in his calculation, or that he didn't think of something or that Simon is just arguing for arguments sake. Either way, things weren't going too well in the lab. We should all just finish up this work, otherwise it will never gets published, he was thinking to himself. Publication, a true capital letter word in his dictionary. From a family of university professors, one cannot expect anything else.
They were staring at the board a little bit longer that supposed to depict the design of their new experiment, then both turned their backs and went back to their desks.
Simon's place was fullof papers, he was hoping to suggest a "creative mess", but everyone else in the lab just thought it as a mess. On a second thought, he's just going to get another coffee, one is not enough to get through this day with Jordan trying to discuss things with him. While he was waiting at the hot-water machine to breathe some life into his instant coffee, he was thinking about his possibilities. He needs to read up more about those optical layouts, otherwise he'll find himself in trouble very soon. Not a good prospect, but studying wasn't a very good one either. What was he thinking when he bluffed himself in to this laboratory. It looked all fine, at least 6 or 7 years of research, unbothered, arcane science that few people dare to question because even fewer people understand. It was too good to believe it. Maybe it was indeed too good...

Jordan was just checking the checking the graphs from their last experiment when Simon came back. That awful instant coffee smell. He wasn't drinking coffee himself, milk tea is the proper drink for this time of the day. On the other hand, just forget about him and concentrate on the task. If the new expriment works out, just remember how many good Publications one could get out of it. It all came from the discussion they had last time with Prof. Langauer. Simon was hanging on his word every time, no other professor's lab he would liked to be in this much. The Prof wasn't around that much as he hoped to be, to learn from, to pick up some clues from, how one becomes a Great Scientist. It wasn't enough to know where he gets his great ideas from, that somehow always worked out in the end, no matter how improbable they looked in the beginning. There are still puzzling pieces, like how could he hire this no good Simon - but he must have had his reasons. Must have. Either way, just check out these equations, would this layout work the way he thought just before the meeting earlier?

Prof. Henry Langauer was in his office. Fortunately there were two doors to it, so he could sneak in whenever he needed, and didn't have to openly dodge any students along the way. He needed time to think. Not sure why, but there was something he had to think "up" from the corner of his mind. The whole morning it was bothering him, and now sitting at his table, shades half let down, and most of the outside hustle and bustle is muted by the padded door his professorship got him, made this the ideal environment to exorcise this nagging feeling. He was onto something, after years of searching, he felt he was onto something. Just not sure what it was. Did't dare to discuss it with other colleauges the detailes he decyphered, he didn't want to be ridiculed or misunderstood. Not sure which one was worse, but didn't want either of them. Not, at least until this nagging becomes too much. All he could do is to take pieces of the puzzle and feed them to his research assistants and students, who slowly, sometimes incruciatigly slowly, made them into reality in the lab. He couldn't do that, only just thinking them up. All this work for years has to add up to something, everything worked so far, like a puzzle picture where the corners are assembled but he still has no idea what does the whole picture depict. It cannot be too long, this last piece seems to be bigger than anything so far.
Sometimes he himself was thinking he is going crazy. How else he could come up with these these ideas and designs. Some of the fiends he was supposedly working it he merely skimmed through a few textbooks until the images in his head paired up with the symbols and he recognized them well enough to write them down. It was all in his head. Was it there from always, or is it new? Sometimes after an afternoon nap there's just a whole swarm of images that descend on him, other times nothing for weeks. At those times he has make himself busy, with increasing axiety, what does this whole thing mean, and did he miss something. There's got to be a meaning for all this. And every day he feels more certain that the path is all layed out, he just have to feel it out.
Since there were no new images, before him, just the department's courtyard through his window of his second floor office, he started thinking of the students he have. They must be part of it as well. Both Simon and Jordan made him feel very different from the other applicants when they came to the interview. If these years of unexplained plans bestowed on him taught him anything, that is that he cannot make this happen without the two of them. But what their role was, or even his own role was in what, is not to be revealed to him this time for sure. With a sigh he turned back to his table and phoned his secretary for the exam papers he supposed to correct this afternoon. That should be a task to take off his mind off these matters.

Ariadne was sitting on a bench in the courtyard. From her point she could see Prof. Langauer's office quite clearly. She have seen him staring out the window, and she new he didn't get it yet. Still, it can happen any day now, she might have to act sooner than she expected. She was still looking up when Simon was coming out of the department, spotted her there and started to come over. She run through her orders one last time, and quickly stowed them away in some remote corner of her mind, and turned to greet him with the sweetest smile she ever had.
"Hi, you are early"
"Yeah, well, had enough for today, not going to get much done with Jordan in the office. As usual. Let's grab something to eat."

CHAPTER 2

"That's not what the plan was"
"I know, but cannot do anything about it"
"You'd better, since that was your assigment. Doing something about it"
Ariadne didn't dare to look at his handler, standing right in front of her. Didn't dare to.
"He's not the way I thought him to be, not letting me nearly close enough to any of the work he's been doing. I don't know whether they are following what we planned for them."
"Then you should get creative, shouldn't you? What was all the training we spent on you, being able to fit in here, ready to facilitate to Plan? Also, remember, that this wasn't our deal. Unless you start producing results, you are in deep trouble."
She knew the meeting was over. Not because he said so, but since the familiar sounds of the cafe resumed around her. When she opened her eyes, she wasn't in the warehouse-looking place anymore but back sitting at the same cafe she has left, figuratively speaking", for the tough debriefing she has just been through. Simon was just sitting across the table, his full attention on the bagel he was eating. He wouldn't notice even if I had walked out and came back a half an hour later, she thought. Still, there was something cute about the way this silly boy, this big one of her troubles, were munching on his dinner. She shook her head, no, don't need this right now.

Prof. Langauer was looking around the lab. It wasn't exactly what I hoped but things are at least moving forward somewhat, there was all the preparation for the big experiment he was planning. Right now everything was quiet because the research assistants all went out for lunch. This is the time he liked to come to the lab, see thing for himself, withouth being bothered. Sometimes people are really so predictable, he thought, though he's not an exeption either. He was checking a few parameters on the monitors, amongst the slight humming of the machines doing their best. He was ready to leave when he turned and spotted the pot sitting on the corner of a whiteboard. He froze in his turn, how did that get here?  He was looking around instinctively and with increasing agitation. How's that potted cactus get in here? One thing he had no doubt about is who put it there. It was a sign he was dreading to see for a long time. He got so close accomplishing something - though not quite sure what, but now he knew others took note and had their eye on him. And their scrutiny is not something he wanted to have. He grabbed up the little pot and stormed out of the lab, don't even know if the he closed the doors behind himself. Back to his office, he has to think. And first of all, have to figure out what message that cactus contained.
He took a book off the far corner of his office bookself, and sat down at his table. Big, dusty, and full of pictures and description of cactii. He started to decode it, but not before locking his office door and lowering the shades of the window.

CHAPTER 3

"Do you want to go to see the circus this weekend?"
"What Circus? Where?" Simon wasn't quite sure what Ariadne was taking about, he was so immersed in his evening ritual of computer gaming.
"The circus that just came to town, we have seen them on the way home. You are not paying attention at all, are you?"
"Oooh, what? Sure, we an go any time you want."
"Good, I already bought the tickets, Satruday afternoon. Don't plan anything else."
"Sure, sure" and while forming a third "sure" silently with his mouth, Simon went back to the game. Ariadne didn't know if she should feel satisfied or not. She achieved, or at least is on the path of achieving her objective: getting Simon to the circus - where she know someone who can help finally getting him to spill the beans. Now just have to make sure the rest of the plan will go smooth too.

Saturday it was a rainy day, almost looked like Simon didn't want to leave the house, but enough insistence does makes wonders. Girls always have more insistance than guys - while girls prefer to be right, guys prefer to be comfortable and happy. Just take things easy, if that would make her happy, after all deliberation Simon would go anywhere she wanted. Just makes things easy, yes.

They headed out just in time and snuggling under the big umbrella befitting the weather. Walked all the way to the grounds where the circus set up their tents, trailers and all sorts of carnival stuff. There were a lot of people despite the rain, maybe because there hasn't been a circus in town for such a long time. They arrived just a little early and bought some snacks as well. Ariadne was enjoying herself, who said that a mission cannot be also fun. She's looking forward to the acrobats: as a kid she dreamed becoming one, until she has grown up more so changed her dream to become a balerina. Then she grew a bit more and now? Now what does she want to be? Well, let's see how this goes, otherwise the question will be entirely meaningless.

The show have started and the audience was enjoying it. No-one inside, seeing the colorful and cheerful crowd, the music, the business, could tell that outside it was such grey and sad time. Clowns getting in and out of a tiny little car (how do they do that? thought both of them, though one suspected magic, other tricks), ponies, elephants of all sizes, even down to as big as a larger dog (can they be that small?) playing a piano, and not half bad. The human canonball, of course the acrobats that got everyone's attention and at the hight of the performance no-one dared to breath not to distract the performance at just the wrong moment....

Ariadne was in the meantime looking out for someone. It took a while, but halfway into the performance, she have seen him, standing just behind the curtain that served as an entrance to the middle field of the circus. Wearing his signature turban, just peering out and looking at the audience while everyone was watching the performance. He's looking to see where I am, Ariadne thought. Just a little bit more, everythings on track...

When the show was over, Simon was much more cheerful than he thought he would be. This is not half bad, going to the circus with my girl. Could do it more often... So when Ariadne proposed to look around in the carnival, he naturally said yes. There were many interesting things there too, he couldn't possibly resist that. Looking here and there, fire breathers, strongmen, bearded women, tricky monkeys, clever birds, the cavalcade of unpredictability. In the far end of this little city next to the main tent, there was a smaller tent, looking older, but still somehow better kept then the rest of them, with the sign "fortune teller" hanging on the side of the door. When Ariadne seen that, she started to pull Simon's arm "I want to go there, let's have our fortune told!", all the while liiking with big puppy eyes into his. He was frowning, "I don't like fortune tellers much" "Please!" "Oh, okay" "It's going to be fun!" "I bet." - normally this last retort would have made her upset, and a moment after he have said it he was looking at her from the corner of her eyes, to see if there's any indication of happening this time. There wasn't, fortunately, she didn't even seem to have heard. "Good", he thought, and was quite relieved, started to walk more energetically in the direction of the tent.

Inside it was just the way he imagined a fortune teller's place. All the cliche props were there, the jars containing awful looking - and probably harmeless replica items. Everything screamed like "I'm magical, look at me, this place is magic!". Of course it wasn't, he thought. It was strange, though, how every noise suddenly died out, when they closed the curtain that served as the door, behind them. Like the whole world outside just stopped whatever they were doing, the circus, the birds, even the cicadas that were happyly playing before, just to listen to what happens in that little tent. It was a fleeting feeling in him, but stayed behind in a little corner of his thoughts. The tent was bigger than it looked from outside, it had an reception and a second room for the actual "performance" - he couldn't think of it any other way than a performance. And still, there were even two more slits in the sides of the room that hinted at other spaces that they cannot see.

Inside there was a little table and a strange man with a turban was sitting right there, with closed eyes, head hanging back, arms crossed. Ariadne's heart started to beat harder as she recognized the man, and felt things are very close now. Simon was still just looking around and wondering where all that "trash" came from that he supposed to be the fortune teller's props. They instinctively stopped at a place that felt like the threshold of the room, as if waiting for permission to enter even further. The man slowly opened his eyes and lifted his head, now looking right at them. Somehow looking at both of them in the same time. He guestured that they can sit down, and so they did. Then he finally started to look at them individually, first at Ariadne (no hint whatsoever whether he recognized her or not, but she was sure he has), then Simon, then back again a couple of times, still not saying a word. A minute or so passed, and the two of them started to feel a little bit uncomfortable. Finally the fortune teller spoke "I think you are the one who needs to see his future, Mister. I'm most certain that the Lady knows quite well what she expects, no matter what I would tell her." Simon looked at Ariandne, as if checking with her, what he supposed to say, silently trying to convey that "you wanted to come, you took me here, why is it me who has to go though this", but she was just miling and nudging him to give it a try. A couple of nundges are enough and he looked at the fortune teller, who somehow already had a pack of cards in his hand. He did not move, I didn't see him move, Simon thought. How did that get there? Did he have it when we came in? Must have, these are all tricks, these people are all tricksters, nothing is what really seems. When not a "fortune teller", this guy must be shoveling elephant dung until the next performance. Doesn't he?

The fortune teller had his eyes on Simon, like to spears, looking inside him. Simon very soon felt such discomfort, that he could barely dare to swallow. Somehow the fortune teller was shuffling the cars, still looking at him, with so little motion that it looked like the cards are just flying by themselves from hand to hand. Simon couldn't take his eyes of what he was doing with those cards. Suddently, the shuffle just stopped and the the fortune teller trust his hand out on the table in front of Simon. "Cut", he said. For a split second, simon didn't know what he supposed to do, but then, like waking from a dream, he lifted his hand and cut that deck. The fortune teller immediately pulled back and with the same move he started to lay out cards on the wooden table, all the while not taking his eyes off Simon, until finally half a dozen cards were on the table, with their unusual tarot symbols and characters, that Simon didn't know at all. When the dealing finished, the rest of the pack disappeared just as smoothly as it appeared in the beginning, and the fortune teller tured to the cards and started to examine them. All the while Ariadne almost didn't dare breathe. Simon started to check the cards as well. The fortune teller suddenly trust his hands out again, and started to organize them right there on the table, and pushed a card just in front of Simon. it was like a dark castle, or a mass in the night just outside the window, or... what was it look like? He lean closer but suddenly he felt he's like falling. Most certainly falling and for a much longer time he thought it possible, and the dark mass just getting closer...

The other two could only see Simon stumpling forward onto the table, his forehad just touching the card that he was looking at. Ariadne almost cried out in surprise but the fortune teller put his finger on his mouth, signaling her to be very very quiet and not to interfere. She had to put her hand on her mouth to stop herself, and could just look on with big wide eyes. The fortune teller put a hand on Simon's head, closed his eyes and looked like someone who just fallen asleep right there.


CHAPTER 4

When Simon looked up, he can only see mig fields of tall grass all around him. Everything was moving in the slight wind that was stroking the landscape, these tiny hills, ups and downs like little bumps, like the chubby cheeks of an infant. The only noise he could hear is the grass turning in the wind, but it was as close to music as anything he ever heard. He started to scan the horizon to find out where he is. All he could remember is the fortune teller and his damned cards, had no clue how he got here, wherever this was. As he was turning around, he could see a little opening in the grass, a small path maybe. He started to walk that way, and in a few moments he was on a small ridge and could look down the other side of the hill he was standing on. It was indeed a path, one that in its twisting and turning way went down into a tiny valley, right to a white little house standing on its own. After a moment of hesitaion he started in that direction, with as confident steps as he could muster. The path was longer than he expected, maybe because of the twists and turns, maybe because being misled about the distance of the house by the monotone grassy fields around. By the time he got there, he was sweating, not surpisingly as the sun was high up in the sky already. A thought went through his mind about how can it be a noon sun if he clearly remembers being a rainy afternoon. But that's of no consequence, it can be any time and anywhere by what he knows, isn't it? As he touched it, he found the door of the house open just a crack. Pushing it, barely made any sound as it opened up. Simon couldn't see much inside because his eyes were still used to the outside light, waiting for a moment, he stepped in and closed the door behind himself. As he stepped forward, the floorboard cracked just a little. From a room inside a house someone called out for him in a voice with no urgency and infinite patience. "I've been waiting for you."
"Who are you? Where.... where am I?"
"It all doesn't matter, this is just a Place. It's a Place where we can talk without anyone's interference. And we do have to talk, please come in." Simon followed the voice to the next room. A figure was sitting by the window, next to a table that had another empty seat just in front of it. "Come, please sit down." It is the fortune teller, isn't he, thought Simon. How can that be? Withouth thinking twice, his body automatically crossed the room and carefully settled down in the chair that was offered. "What am I doing here?"
"You are not 'here', this is nowhere. A place outside of all places, where we can talk."
"You have already said this last part, but I'm sorry, do I know you? Do I really have something to talk with you?"
"Indeed, you know me much better than you can every remember. That's why you are here. We have to discuss something of outmost importance, that you don't have - can't have any idea about. You are much more than you think. That's the first thing you have to accept in the short time we have here. When you'll start to remember, everyhing will become very-very simple."
Simon still must have looked very puzzled, because the man's expression gradually became softer.
"We met here before many times, you just don't remember. For your own safetly, I had to erase your memories after each time, just leaving enough left that you can accomplish the tasks we have set upon. Now a new challenge has arised, and that's why you are here. All going according to plan so far, but it has to stay that way, the fate of the Earth depends on it"
"Wait a minute.... I don't understand. What are you talking about? Who do you say I am?"
With an exhale that implied no urgency at all, the men replied. "You are the one carrying the spirit of our antient warrior, who defended our world many times in the past. Over the ages, when the time comes he finds another young warrior combine powers with and stay with us instead of disappearing to the Netherworld."
"You are saying, I'm .... posessed?"
"Yes, ... and no. You are him, there's no way to separate him out or you out. He gives you his strength and you give him your abilities. We don't have much time, listen to me. The experiment you are going to perform soon will open a door to another dimension, where the forces of darkness were already eagerly waiting to get across and take it to their own of what we have. There's no way to stop opening the portal, and even if there was, we have to strike them down now, so they can never crawl back. Tried many times, very narrowly foiled but each time at a huge cost. They are now pushing for a final engagement. We cannot let that happen. Here, take these boots." He was pointing at a box just next to the table. Simon was pretty sure tha box wasn't there a moment ago, but somehow it was not unnatural for them to appear. He picked up the box and opened it. There was a pair of boots inside, that looked ordinary in every way, but suddenly he felt like having a revelation, like pieces of puzzles finding their right place - too bad that he was playing the puzzle blind so far so not sure what clicked. He looked the shoes and then at the man, with a slight puzzled look.
"They will be of great help for you. Keep them with you all the time. All the time! There are no shoes like this in the whole world."
Simon signed with his head that he understand, but that was far from certain. If anything, this story makes just less and less sense.
"Change into the shoes and then go back the way you came. There will be more explanation later, you'll know the signs. We really need you, the world needs you."
The man's tone was such that Simon instinctively knew that this conversation is over. After a moment of hesitation he kicked off his shoes and put on the boots. Stood up and went to the doorway.
"Go back where I came from? I don't even know where I am!"
"Just where you came. And hurry. Everything needs to carry on and we don't have much time."
Simon turned and opened the door of the house. After a last short look at the man, he stepped outside and closed the door behind him. The sun was now even higher up, he had to squint to be able to see. The sounds and noises of the world resumed, and it surprised him how can there be such a calm and silence inside the house.

He started to walk on the path he came, and soon the grass was surrounding him on all sides. He could still make out the building behind him, but it bacame smaller by the moment. As he was walking, he felt the subtle urge to walk faster. Then to break into jogging. Suddenly he found himself running full speed on the path, as it was turning slowly in all directions. Gradually a strange feeling got to him: it is not possible to run this fast, I have been never.... But there was no denying. It must have been his boots, he thought, wasn't that what the fortune teller suggested, these boots must have some special power, maybe they make me run like Flash. He even started to enjoy the feeling, the movements of his muscles was all different than what he have ever felt. The scenery was just rushing by and he was almost laughing of joy.
Then at a step, he stumbled. There was nothing to stumble on, was it, he thought, but he also became very anxcious. Now I'm going to get all dirty. Wait a minute, how long does it take to fall down, I've been falling for ages. What's happening, is this the boots' doing as well?
Finally he landed with a crash in a puddle, and his head was enveloped by the mud and water. He felt the ground pressing against him. When he lifted up his head, though, there were two pairs of eyes looking at him: the fortune teller and Ariadne. It wasn't the ground pressing against him, but the table. He was back at the circus, wasn't it. What happened? He sat up straight, while Ariadne was asking him "Are you okay? What happened? You just fallen asleep here on the table?"
"No, no, I'm okay." He was looking at the fortune teller, but didn't say a word. It like a communiction without words, even Ariadne noticed it and looked at one and then the other a couple of times.
Simon suddenly stood up. "Let's go."
"But we haven't..."
Still looking a the man, "Never mind, let's go, okay?"
He gave his hand to Ariadne, and the two of them turned and left the tent.

When walking back, the whole circus felt totally different. Suddenly Simon had a strange feeling and he stopped, looking down at his feet. He was wearing the boots the fortune teller gave him. Turning to Ariandne, he was asking "was I wearing these boots when we came here?"
"How would I know? You have a lot of shoes." Ariadne was sayin half laughing.
They continued on silently, in the world that looked a lot more strange to Simon than it did even a few hours ago.
